what's up everyone
if you're like me then you probably lift
weights and can't find jeans that fit
these are all a pair of expressed genes
I forget reviewing the name of the fit
is and as you can see I started sweating
and now they don't fit my quads up here
on my waist 34 it's fine even though I'm
fat as fuck right now yeah I can still
kind of squat enough my ass hangs out
and I don't know like I'm just sick of
that shit I wish people would start
making jeans for us that's bigger boys
so I guess I give you a warning ahead of
time you're going to see a dude an
underwear in this video so as I stated
Express jeans these are slim stretch 33
by 30 little bow House skinnier than I
thought or at least I was when I bought
these jeans these are another pair of
express genes Lighting's probably not
that great
these are the classic low-rise straight
leg
Kingston's 34 30 and again even though
the waist is a little bit bigger see
same predicament I barely can get my my
junky knees it just looks like you're
fucking out of a old King Cole legs
really not attractive look at all you
can imagine what it's like trying to
fucking walk in these things do a little
bit better on the other squat test and
obviously they haven't ripped but
you know still a lot ideal as you start
to make gains find less and less things
video here's some other jams and I don't
think they even make these anymore these
are expressed genes as well
demo maps your 3630 these are actually a
slim low-rise straight legs I think I
bought these some time back enough 2006
maybe there's a reason why I don't wear
these ones on as much these are my
comfortable go-to jeans as you can see
the waist here is alright but still it's
like fucking that's even these are
hugging my legs now and you know this is
all eaten up on you know if I wanna wear
jeans somewhere nice or where my fucking
eaten of jeans and crotches not existing
anymore actually started selling patches
on these because my legs started being
so big the fabric started to up to chafe
away what does a person do they have
claws
it's one fucking beer that I thought it
were 28 inches and you know some of that
could be fat I mean I'm not going to
deny that some fat fuck about 16-inch
povery calves
let's see ways it can see into my fat
stomach 39 here what we got for hips so
I heard about a five for one jeans by my
Levi's made by a or made for athletes
they're supposed to have specifically a
some quad area these particular ones I
got two different colors check out what
I got here so I got the rich and I got
the rigid dragon colors someone wrote
they wrote a bad review for these pants
because I guess a pair of them has white
stitching instead of the classic yellow
Levi's stitching pretty sure it was just
a fat gay dude I don't know anybody
would give a shit about that stuff
maybe my buddy Henry I didn't know what
to expect so I just got a 36 just in
case I don't want to have my heart
broken thinking I'm still 34 so one
thing I can tell you just putting them
on the waistband here has a flex in it
and I'll go ahead I'll tuck my shirt in
so this is without a belt waist fits
pretty good like I said it's got a
elastic waist on it's not hugging my
quads so that's fucking like cool
there's some quadrant here I mean
they're supposed to taper at the legs
they got them a little bit longer than I
normally wear
my genes but still it's not enough to
where it's going to look stupid like
over a pair of shoes on a squat test
that pulling them up I'm good there and
they didn't cook and explode so you
should check them out and think they're
on sale right now and levi's calm for
about 47 bucks I'll try the other ones
on here well you probably wanted to run
to yourself watching your fucking care
I'm super excited because I've been
wearing sweatpants and shit to work for
the longest time and there's all these
startup companies out there that want
jeans or they want to make jeans for the
athlete we're charging 100 bucks a pair
and they're all fucking Kickstarter
companies who are right now having
problems meaning the demand of what they
pitch to people so I believe these are
the rigid dragon ones it's a darker wash
of blue I figure the first time I go to
wash them that the probably fade you
guys kind of notorious for that even
just betting over
yeah I'm sure with a belt you'll step on
my ass
I have a huge fucking left but it
doesn't make my ass look like fucking a
stack of pancakes overall I'm pretty
satisfied with you know obviously I have
to be like a wear test and wear them in
the real world and see how they feel but
and then they have good cute they don't
look like I'm ready to fucking burst out
of them at any time so I mean that's
fucking cool man I'm super stoked so
yeah
Levi's 541 check them out
you